
Description of algorithms and functions used

1a.

ApplicationGUI(filename):
The function ApplicationGUI takes the image as input and allows the user to select the corner points in the image clockwise starting from the top right corner.Then the function computes a projective transform which restores the image to a fronto-rectilinear view using projective transformation.

2. Homography matrices between pairs of images are computed by feature extraction using SIFT followed by using cp2tform to calculate the required transformation from the corresponding set of points 

homography_computation.m : computes homographies of each pair

km_SIFT_match(img1,img2): extracts correspondences between matched features from the input images by calling sift.m
sift(img): performs a scale invariant feature transform on the input image (requires support of exec. siftWin32) 
bilinearInterpolation(img,size): takes the image as arguement and upscales by use of bilinear interpolation to match dimensions specified

2a.Restoration of blurred view: 
1.The images Ajanta_1.jpg and Ajanta_2.jpg are taken as inputs and a feature matching is done using the SIFT algorithm implementation (requires siftWin32 executable). 
2.Once the points are extracted, a projective transformation is calculated in order to restore the view of the first image in the plane of the second. 
3.After this the 2 images are stitched together by limiting the bounds of the transformed images.
4. The stitched image is now transformed to the view of the blurred image using projective transformation and SIFT(same procedure as above)
5.Pixels common to the two views are replaced to give the final restored image

2b. Mosaicing:

1.The images Ajanta_1.jpg and Ajanta_2.jpg are taken as inputs and a feature matching is done using the SIFT algorithm implementation (requires siftWin32 executable). 
2.Once the points are extracted, a projective transformation is calculated in order to restore the view of the first image in the plane of the second. 
3.After this the 2 images are stitched together by limiting the bounds of the transformed images. 
4.Final reconstruction is done by taking averaged version of the histogram equalised transformed images.(performed by conversion from rbg to hsv and equalisation of the v component)

2c. Bilinear inperpolation

1.The images Ajanta_1.jpg and Ajanta_2.jpg are taken as inputs and a feature matching is done using the SIFT algorithm implementation (requires siftWin32 executable). 
2.Once the points are extracted, a projective transformation is calculated in order to restore the view of the second image in the plane of the first. 
3.After this the 2 images are stitched together by limiting the bounds of the transformed images. 
4.Final reconstruction is done by taking averaged version of the histogram equalised transformed images.
5.The information belonging to the view of Ajanta_1.jpg is extracted
6.Following this a bilinear interplolation is performed for upscaling by a factor of 2.
  